= endicia

This gem allows you to connect to your Endicia API to print USPS labels. It is
in no way meant to be exhaustive--fork away!

== Configuration

If you're using Rails, you'll want an endicia.yml file in config, with:

  development: &development
    AccountID: (any 6 digit number for dev)
    RequesterID: (any string for dev)
    PassPhrase: (any string for dev)
    Test: YES
  
  test:
    <<: *development
  
  production:
    AccountID: (6 digits)
    RequesterID (string--you have to request this from Endicia)
    PassPhrase (string)
    Test: NO

Additionally, you may want to set a few defaults like your address:

  FromCompany:
  FromCity:
  FromState:
  FromPostalCode:
  ReturnCompany:
  ReturnCity:
  ReturnState:
  ReturnCode:

You can also specify any of the options that Endicia allows for
'GetPostageLabel' as defaults. Most of them you'll want to pass in, but you
might find it convenient to switch the default image format globally, for
instance. Any options you pass in directly will override that defaults in the
config file.

Outside of Rails, you will need to pass these options to Endicia.get_label.

Cheers!

== Usage

  label = Endicia.get_label({
    :ToPostalCode => RECIPIENT ZIP,
    :ToAddress1 => RECIPIENT ADDRESS,
    :ToCity => RECIPIENT CITY,
    :ToState => RECIPIENT STATE,
    :PartnerTransactionID => GENERALLY THE ORDER (OR SOME MODEL) ID,
    :PartnerCustomerID => GENERALLY CUSTOMER/USER ID,
    :MailClass => SHIPPING METHOD,
    :WeightOz => INTEGER WEIGHT
  })

== Contributing to endicia

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Dickson. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
